Oh God Ah
look well the reading magazine has been a
review of all the topics that we have been
dealing with which are the topics that
there are or rather the ones that we have been
dealing with okay but with a
peculiarity that has been much talked about
today that I'm sure Marina has
paid a lot of attention to Yes of course Let's see
Look when I
found a
question [ __ ] Wait I don't want to
do something unfortunate
no no I don't think okay I'm going to do it to you this
way
betrayal
If you think it's a betrayal no I mean there's no
suspicion you don't suspect at all that
this has gone too far no no way no no no no no
way I'm going to explain to you
why eh Because you can see it I see it very
clearly look look clear I
found this this morning and I said let's see
the first thing I think is readings Anabel
Pantoja is a bit of her
favorite magazine eh something that doesn't fit with me much
because Anabel and Luis Pliego I don't understand
I well Okay readings Anabel Pantoja
favorite magazine Anabel from the very
first moment from the very first moment
what she asked for was respect privacy that
nothing  related to her with the girl
came out intimacy that she could go downstairs
quietly to have her coffee to be with
her friends privacy Okay so the
first thing we found despite
Anel Pantoja's statement of eh that
now we can comment if you want a
little bit above that I was not that I
have a doubt that I think
she did not write it but oh and everything I am glad
anyway because that is the same the most
important thing is the
message we found a photograph
of Anabel that I am going to explain where it
comes from a photograph of Anabel of
Anabel Pantoja that I think is neither inside
nor outside exactly at the entrance of the
hospital or or her leaving the hospital
at that barrier at the exit of the hospital you can
totally see that it has been
passed through an application that improves
the pixels the quality of the image and I
am going to explain why eh I do not know if it must have been
taken with a camera in fact
I think that more than a photograph I do not know
if it is even a video frame I
am telling you Honestly that then it has been
passed through I have
applications man they will do it with another
type something better but I have applications
we do in the thumbnail you see no No I already
notice it  and besides, it leaves us divine,
made, made, made with
Vale and in fact, you can see her, she looks
perfect and she's also
surprised like, are you
taking a picture of me while I'm sending
an audio or whatever, you can see her face
a little bit of a surprise, she's in her
tracksuit, well, the poor thing is tired, exhausted
and obviously there's no
agreement or anything because just
today when the cover came out,
we've already seen a video of her, although
on television, although she appears with a
mask, I don't know if it belonged to the same
day or whatever in which we already see her
enter, exit, enter, exit. Oh look, no, it
's not the same day or maybe the same one, it's I had
thought, I thought it would be the
same but no, it's not the same, I mean, this
can be
done, yes, because,
of course, I understand that she's not going to report it, of
course. No, but no, but I'm sure
that there has been a conversation between them.
Well, I don't know if she will do it right now, in a
moment she will realize, eh? Yes, of course there
will be. Look at her, besides, it's already as
natural as life itself  Look at her
how she goes like that I would go down Me too or like that she goes
in pajamas come on it's that I don't care exactly
man let's see is where it is
clear Well yes look eh And what I tell you I
think that she will have a conversation
with Luis Pliego and she will
tell him this what Because skinny yes it is
true that readings when they want they
take great care of the image they take care of the
photographs they take care of everything I understand that they have to
sell let's see Luis operates like he
operates it is nothing new
but it has surprised me given
that Anabel is one of his
main characters as if they do it with the
Campos that They would have done it with the
Campos too but it has
surprised me that Anabel the people I have read
for
Anabel has sold the not a chance it makes
no kind of sense that Anabel V
from here I say it absolutely not a chance
Anabel could have continued on her
social networks eh participating uploading
something for nothing she has done absolutely
nothing she is totally focused on the girl it makes
no sense that Anabel has been a
participant in this photograph in fact
this at some point would come to light it
makes no kind of sense and I am
100% sure that no, in fact.
Also, she'll be
pissed off, she'll have spoken to Luis
Pliego and she'll have said, hey honey, I do
n't know this, but well, some of them get so
angry that in two weeks he'll be on the
cover talking again, you know, anyway,
today he's already made up for it, he'll say to Luis, I'll
make it up to you with I don't know what, understand. This
is the thing about cl that I believe that many times
magazines, media, not about the heart of the world,
will do things that cannot be done,
taking advantage of the trust of knowing
that the character is not going to sue because of
course, obviously, Anabel is not going to get involved, and
that's why the
vetoes and the goodbyes have come and the I don't know what, no
with other characters precisely because of
the nonsense like, I'm going to sue, I'm going to do
this, I'm going to do that, well, see you later,
no, total, Orte Cano is no longer on set,
Gloria Camila is not on any
set, Rosio Flores is not on any
set, Antonio David doesn't exist, I mean, eh, it
's a bit like that, no, Anabel is not going to
sue, she does interviews in
magazines, exclusive, exclusives in
the TV then of course you don't sue no,
what are you going to gain
totally And also it's a person
who is now in such a vulnerable moment
that he's going to put on not that they are
very smart eh They are very smart but [ __ ]
that they use their intelligence For that it
seems a little bit a little but let's say that it has
been like that an
agency photographer who was there or whatever
Class I sell it to readings I don't know what he
will have paid him 3000 4000 she sees it she
sees it she sees it very clearly
she sees the journalist
very clearly let's comment on a
little thing in between Because now we have to
talk about the subject of the
audiences and also Beln Esteban
has spoken to us about Anabel and how she is doing
but I'm seeing that people love you
more than me that is true
eh I mean [ __ ] let's see I think that
people are in the January slope but
look if it is a slope eh how embarrassing Hey it's that
two people love you it's that two
people love me we put and they
loved me for 20 and something  or 30 Almost eh two
people have put I don't know if you have
realized that we have put there the
objective does not count competing
competing with the objective of the
last day not in the one that was for Marina